Majestic pipe organ as the goddess walks the earth.
[00:18] The vocals start on Kyoko's age when she joined Hiragana Keyakizaka46.
This is the same uniform costume Kyoko wore when she passed the audition.
There it is!
Here's another look.
[00:46-00:48] Henshin to training bib, as 46 Group (Sakamichi Series) and the AKB48 Group are ultimately one big family.
Here comes the Kyonko Heart!
[00:58] The (remaining) 1st Gens become visible, as they passed the auditions on May 8, 2016 (also Kageyama Yuka's 15th birthday).
When they joined, they didn't have much to do besides training. As the lyrics say, it felt like a persistently cloudy sky.
But that doesn’t mean they never got any chance to perform, and they made the most of what they were given.
Kyoko's first center song, "Soredemo Aruiteru".
Exactly 2 minutes in, the 2nd Generation join the party! The 7 desks and chairs represent members of these first two generations who have moved on at the time (Neru, Memi, Mao, Miho, Manamo, Kage, and Sarina).
The 1st Gen didn't immediately like the idea of having juniors, not even a year after their debut. What they didn't know was, they were being prepared to become their own group.
[02:11-02:16] The announcement of Hinatazaka46 renaming was on February 11, 2019. We think they start running 5 seconds later because that was five years ago. Of course, the running itself refers to their 2018 debut album, "Hashiridasu Shunkan" (The Moment to Start Running).
[02:19] Like the 1st Gen started with just Nagahama Neru, the 3rd Gen started with just Kamimura Hinano in late 2018. The other three joined on February 16, 2020. On February 19, Hinatazaka46's 4th single was released. This shot is the first time all four members are seen wearing the 3rd Gen debut uniform.
[02:22] Fast forward with some "Kitai Shiteinai Jibun" MV flashback, and they've become Hinatazaka46! These uniforms are for the aforementioned 4th single.
Hamagishi Hiyori went on hiatus when the 2nd single was released in 2019, and returned 6 month later to join this one.
And now they welcome the 4th Generation, Hinatazaka46's future! Hirao Honoka took some time to gather the courage to befriend Kyoko, but now they can hug! Also, Konishi Nanami succeeded Kyoko as the center of the 8th single title song, "Tsuki to Hoshi ga Odoru Midnight".
Now that everyone's here, it's only right to look like they're actually one group by putting on the Myaku'utsu Kanjo uniforms, the last music release Kyoko fully participated in.
They do some moves from previous singles, like in the "Kimi wa Honeydew" choreography.
[03:05-03:06] All concerts start with a huddle call. The Hiragana Keyakizaka46 Last Live and Hinatazaka46 First Live shows were on March 5-6, 2019, and the "Kyun" MV was also released on March 5.
Here are the Kizunas, the 1st Gen's top three singers. All of them have solo songs.
Cherry blossom petals symbolize both spring, when the song was released, and new beginnings (among other things, academic and fiscal years in Japan also begin in spring).
Notice how they matched the lip movements from other songs for this song.
[03:27] March 27, 2019 was the release date for "Kyun". They walk hand-in-hand in one row, like in the 1st Gen's most cathartic song, "Imanimiteiro".
It's time for Kyoko to go, as flashbacks of MVs from the past keep on coming.
Hinatazaka46's future again, the 4th Gen... and Morimoto Marie, standing in for Kishi Honoka, who resigned in 2023. Why Marie? Because they went to the same high school, and even the same table tennis club.
We really think it's cool to have the members from past MVs "singing" this song.
[04:05] They stay together until Kyoko's graduation concert on April 5, 2024...
And after that, it's time for Kyoko to forge her own path.
Kyoko seems to say "Mata ne" ("see you later"). As can be seen in their socials, current and former Hinatazaka46 members often hang out together, and sometimes even collaborate.
It won't be complete without a final Kyonko Heart. By the way, Kyoko's fans are called the Kyonkois (or Kyonkoizu if you insist on Hepburn romanization), and her fan club is called "Kyonko is..."